
The database design includes a sidebar to access the entities included in my MVC app such as the lecturer section and lecturer view claim section, contractor section, admin section which is broken down into the academic manager and the programme coordinator sections. The app displays an image on the home page too when the app is run and the background colour is medium purple when one of the pages are loaded. The system aims to be easy to use and straightforward helping users handle contracts, and claims, by storing them and letting them be reviewed once they are added to the system. The reason I mainly chose MVC was because it provides a clearer structure and is easy to maintain.

The app enables lecturers to add claims and review monthly claims in the lecturer view claim section, as well as see the status of claims added to the system in the lecturer view claim section. The admin section lets the coordinator review the claims and change the statuses of the pending claims that shown in the system. The section lets the coordinator update the status from pending to either approved or declined in the academic manager section and verified or rejected in the programme coordinator section. Files can be uploaded in the lecturer section and view and downloaded in the academic manger and programme coordinator section.

As per my lecturer’s feedback, I was told in part one I don’t have specific roles assigned within the system. In part 2, I have new added roles such as the Lecturer or admin sections.  In my lecturer model, I have included the hour rate and hours worked fields. There is now a section where the status changes for each claim, and where the co-ordinator themselves can update the claim status to verified, approved or denied from pending. I have separated the view as best as I can between the lecturer and admin section and have included other another entity for contractors to show the user the contractors that are part of the system to deal with the claims. I have also stated the technical constraints, example for my file upload.
